What is your major?
  My major is computer information systems

What was your perspective on computer programming before taking this course?
  I took my first cs class back in my freshman year of high school (java), I did not enjoy it at the time as I was always stuck and the coding fundamentals just didn't click with me.
  But years later I came to realize how learnnig how to code takes some time, pateience, and a lot of practice. After I decided to study CIS in college, 
  I decided to take an introductory course in C++ at Miramar College not that long ago. It was a summer, online, asynchrounous course, so the class itself was very easy. 
  This college course mainly focused on theory, reading a textbook, watching videos and rarely any actual programming. I remember the only time I wrote programs was 1-3 lines in our interactive textbook. 
  Our exams were also full on multiple choice, nothing compared to your exams. Once I got out of this class with a very high A, I thought I had a good understanding of basic C++ fundamentals. 
  But, when I came to CS 211, I was completely lost and overwhelmed by the amount of programming. Ever since I dropped, I honestly came to CS 111 very confident with knowledge, but definitely not with programming.
  I was pretty excited to rewind and actually work on becoming more confident in creating projects and programming. 

What is your perspective on computer programming now that you have done a project of your choice?
  After completing this class, I learned that it was really important to be able to not just know the knowledge, but to implement it onto code. I had fun doing all the of labs and this big project, 
  as it gave me the chance to practice and create programs that solved problems. I look forward to continue learning more complex concepts, as well as completing labs & projects in CS 211! Since I can actually write programs now,
  I will most likely be doing a lot of practice problems over the summer.

Describe one or two things you are proud of in the process of completing this project.
  I am extremely proud of being able to grasp each concept displayed and implementing it into my project. At the beginning I thought I would struggle to do things such as analysis or even understanding struct. 
  I also worried I would struggle with using functions as that was something I felt we didn't use too often this semester. In the end, I am glad it all worked out :)
